Enforce casing in operations and entities (#1818)
wasp-lang/wasp: waspc/ChangeLog.md

Reviewer: What happened here with all the small changes? Is that some kind of auto-formatting?

In the background, Wasp is now using [Lucia](https://github.com/lucia-auth/lucia) as the core auth library.

#### Naming requirements

> Operation (i.e., Queries and Actions) and Job names in `.wasp` files must now begin with a lowercase letter.
> 
> Entity names in `.wasp` files must begin with an uppercase letter
> 
> Example of correct code:
> 
> ```
> entity Foo {=psl
>   // ...
> psl=}
> 
> query getFoo {
>   // ...
> }
> 
> action updateFoo {
>   // ...
> }
> 
> job printFoos {
>   // ...
> }
> ```
> 
> Example of incorrect code
> 
> ```
> entity foo {=psl
>   // ...
> psl=}
> 
> query GetFoo {
>   // ...
> }
> 
> action UpdateFoo {
>   // ...
> }
> 
> job PrintFoos {
>   // ...
> }
> 
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Operation (i.e., Queries and Actions) and Job names in `.wasp` files must now begin with a lowercase letter: `query getTasks {...}`, `job sendReport {...}`.

Entity names in `.wasp` files must now begin with an uppercase letter: `entity Foo {...}`.
```
